Let me tell you something.
Although you have helped us a lot
But our Yunfei is going to marry a famous family Wangzu
Marry you
Our Shen family
Isn't it a joke in Yongzhou City?
Look at your cousin
Beside such a big money as Xu Hao
In the future?
Enjoying endless glory and wealth
I got engaged today
You do like this trash
A villain
A vitriolic
Hey, these two are a perfect match
People do a lot of evil, at least they can get money
Are you good?
Three days later is also my wedding with Yunwei
We also went to send them invitations
What marriage?
Do I agree?
I'm not talking to you.
I'm informing you.
Crazy waves because let's go congratulate our cousin
Let's not mess with them
Don't worry, it's alright.
Uh father-in-law
Let's go then. Bye.
I'm pissed off.
Xu Shao, congratulations, congratulations
I will review and send you sake.
Of course it was sent.
What if Shen Yunwei comes to our engagement party?
You will be envious
And Si Jingchen, the master before the trash
I will definitely give it back twice
I heard that Shen Yunwei found a useless boyfriend
I have to humiliate him today
Give us Xu Shao the evil breath
Trash is not here, is it?
Hahaha
Are you talking about yourself?